What nonsense?
Isn't that Song Qingqian?
Why didn't he come?
I heard that when Song Jia kicked him out
It's ugly
He's not here to find fault today, is he?
This is not Song Qingqian
Don't mess with me anymore
Cousin, don't be familiar with this little lover
He was just kicked out of the Song family
She is no longer a daughter
Now my heart is naturally unhappy
YES YES YES
If the Song family hadn't driven me away ruthlessly
I won't end up like this when I go out
You can only eat enough and wear warm clothes every day
Then buy the necklace.
This
This is the latest limited edition necklace released around the world.
I heard it's hard to buy.
How could Mr. Song possibly afford such an expensive item?
chain
Oh, I see.
He must have sold himself
How dare you hit someone
Excuse me?
You're screaming like a little bitch
I thought you guys liked to play bullying games
Stimulate not you
This director is a little abnormal today
One day we will hit him and dare not fight back
Look, he's bluffing.